On June 16, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the “Amended Credit Agreement” and the credit facility thereunder, the “Amended Credit Facility”) with Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders, issuing bank, swingline lender and lender, Truist Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Preferred Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and/or lenders, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, to, among other things, amend and restate that certain credit agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and among the Company, Truist Bank, and certain lenders thereto (the credit facility thereunder, the “Credit Facility”), in its entirety. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a five-year revolving credit facility to the Company of $400 million, which includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to $25 million and a swingline loan sub-facility of $25 million. The revolving credit facility will be used to, among other things, refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and certain subsidiaries, finance certain future acquisitions and investments, and provide for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Guaranty and Security Agreement (the “Guaranty and Security Agreement”) between the Company, NMM and Truist Bank remain in effect.

On October 14, 2022, a sole equity holder acquired 100% of the equity interest in VOMG. Under the terms of the Physician Equity Holder Agreement (the “Equity Agreement”) between ApolloMed and the equity holder, ApolloMed may designate a third party who is permitted under Nevada law to be an owner or equity holder of VOMG with the right (the “Acquisition Right”) (a) to acquire equity holder’s equity interest or (b) to acquire from VOMG. The Acquisition Right shall be exercisable by ApolloMed and equity holder shall be obligated to assign and transfer the equity interest or to cause VOMG to issue new equity interests (as applicable) to ApolloMed. As a result of the arrangement and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, VOMG is determined to be a VIE of ApolloMed and is consolidated by the Company. VOMG owns nine primary care clinics in Nevada and Texas. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon the close of transaction and additional cash consideration (“VOMG contingent consideration”) contingent on VOMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. The Company determined the fair value of the contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The contingent consideration is included within other long term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

APC-LSMA Designated Shareholder Medical Corporation (“APC-LSMA”) was formed in October 2012 as a designated shareholder professional corporation. Dr. Thomas Lam, a stockholder and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of APC and Co-Chief Executive Officer of ApolloMed, is a nominee shareholder of APC-LSMA. APC makes all investment decisions on behalf of APC-LSMA, funds all investments and receives all distributions from the investments. APC has the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits from all investments made by APC-LSMA. APC-LSMA’s sole function is to act as the nominee shareholder for APC in other California medical professional corporations. Therefore, APC-LSMA is controlled and consolidated by APC as the primary beneficiary of this VIE. The only activity of APC-LSMA is to hold the investments in medical corporations, including the IPA lines of business of LaSalle Medical Associates (“LMA”), Pacific Medical Imaging and Oncology Center, Inc. (“PMIOC”), Diagnostic Medical Group of Southern California (“DMG”), and AHMC International Cancer Center, a Medical Corporation (“ICC”). APC-LSMA also holds a 100% ownership interest in Maverick Medical Group, Inc. (“MMG”), Alpha Care, Accountable Health Care, and AMG, a Professional Medical Corporation (“AMG”).

On October 31, 2022, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of the Company, acquired 100% of the equity interest in AAMG. AAMG is an IPA operating in Northern California. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash consideration (“AAMG cash contingent consideration”) and stock consideration (“AAMG stock contingent consideration”) contingent on AAMG meeting revenue and capitated member metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024. The Company determined the fair value of the cash and stock contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Specifically, the Company considered various scenarios of revenue and assigned probabilities to each such scenario in determining fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the cash contingent consideration is valued at $5.9 million and was included within other long term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The stock contingent consideration is valued at $5.6 million and is included in additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

DMG is a professional medical California corporation and a complete outpatient imaging center. APC accounted for its 40% investment in DMG under the equity method of accounting. In October 2021, DMG entered into an administrative services agreement with a subsidiary of the Company, causing the Company to reevaluate the accounting for the Company’s investment in DMG. Based on the reevaluation and in accordance with relevant accounting guidance, DMG is determined to be a VIE of the Company and is consolidated by the Company. In addition, APC-LSMA is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within three years from the effective date. The purchase of the remaining equity value is considered a financing obligation with a carrying value of $8.5 million as of December 31, 2022. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

In July 2021, the Company acquired an 80% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in APCMG. As part of the transaction, the Company may pay APCMG additional consideration contingent on APCMG’s financial performance for fiscal year 2022 (“APCMG contingent consideration”). The APCMG contingent consideration will be met if gross revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation, and amortization (“EBITDA”) targets exceed a threshold for fiscal year 2022. The Company determined the fair value of the contingent consideration using a probability-weighted model that includes significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Specifically, the Company considered various scenarios of gross revenue and EBITDA and assigned probabilities to each such scenario in determining fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration is valued at $1.0 million and was included within accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

As APAACO does not have sufficient insight into the financial performance of the shared risk pool with CMS because of unknown factors related to IBNR claims, risk adjustment factors, and stop-loss provisions, among other factors, an estimate cannot be developed. Due to these limitations, APAACO cannot determine the amount of surplus or deficit that will likely be recognized in the future and therefore this shared risk pool revenue is considered fully constrained. With the ending of the NGACO Model on December 31, 2021, the Company no longer receives AIPBPs but remains eligible to recognize any shared savings or loss for performance year 2021 upon issuance of the settlement report from CMS. Pursuant to the Participation Agreement, the Company recognized $48.8 million related to savings from the 2021 performance year as revenue in risk pool settlements and incentives in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Construction Loan allows Tag 8 to borrow up to $10.7 million with a maturity date of December 1, 2022 (“Construction Loan Term”). Interest rate is equal to an index rate determined by the bank. Monthly interest payments began on May 1, 2021, or can become part of the principal and bear interest. If construction is completed and, there are no events of default or substantial deterioration in the financial condition of Tag 8 or APC, guarantor on the loan agreement, at the maturity date of the Construction Loan Term, the loan shall convert to an amortizing loan with an extended maturity date of December 1, 2032 (“Permanent Loan Term”). Upon conversion to the Permanent Loan Term, monthly principal and interest payments shall be made beginning January 1, 2023. From January 1, 2023 until December 1, 2023, the interest rate will be 2.0% per annum in excess of the LIBOR rate. 

On January 27, 2022, the Company acquired 100% of the capital stock of Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC (together, “Orma Health”). The purchase was paid in cash and in the Company’s capital stock. Orma Health’s real-time Clinical AI platform ingests data from multiple sources and utilizes advanced risk-stratification models to identify patients for various clinical programs, including remote patient monitoring (“RPM”), mental health support, chronic care management, and more. Its clinical platform is also deeply integrated with Orma Health’s proprietary RPM ecosystem, which consists of smart health devices and a suite of technology tools to manage patient health.

On January 27, 2022, the Company acquired 100% of the capital stock of Orma Health, Inc., and Provider Growth Solutions, LLC (together, “Orma Health”) (see Note 3 — “Business Combinations and Goodwill”). Orma Health’s real-time Clinical AI platform ingests data from multiple sources and utilizes advanced risk-stratification models to identify patients for various clinical programs, including remote patient monitoring (“RPM”), mental health support, chronic care management, and more. Its clinical platform is also deeply integrated with Orma Health’s proprietary RPM ecosystem, which consists of smart health devices and a suite of technology tools to manage patient health.

As of December 31, 2022, network relationships, management contracts, member relationships, tradename/trademarks, and developed technology had weighted-average remaining useful lives of 10.1 years, 7.4 years, 12.0 years, 14.8 years, and 5.1 years respectively. Total weighted-average remaining useful lives for all amortized intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 was 10.2 years. Amortization expense was $13.7 million, $15.4 million and $16.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which is included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

In August 2021, the Company acquired 49% of the aggregate issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Sun Labs. As Sun Labs was concluded to be a VIE and the Company is the primary beneficiary, Sun Labs is consolidated by the Company. The Company is obligated to purchase the remaining equity interest within three years from the effective date. As the financing obligation is embedded in the non-controlling interest, the non-controlling interest is recognized in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized goodwill as a result of consolidating Sun Labs as a VIE.

Concourse Diagnostic Surgery Center, LLC (“CDSC”) was formed in March 2010 in the state of California. CDSC is an ambulatory surgery center in City of Industry, California, organized by a group of highly qualified physicians, which utilizes some of the most advanced equipment in the eastern part of Los Angeles County and the San Gabriel Valley. The facility is Medicare-certified and accredited by the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Healthcare. As of December 31, 2022, APC owned 44% of CDSC’s capital stock. CDSC is determined to be a VIE and APC is determined to be the primary beneficiary. 

At least annually, indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment. Impairment for intangible assets with indefinite lives exists if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. The fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments, and assumptions management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. One reporting unit within our healthcare delivery segment had a negative carrying amount of net assets as of September 30, 2022 and goodwill of approximately $116.5 million. 

In September 2019, the APC Business Loan Agreement with Preferred Bank (the “APC Business Loan Agreement”) was amended to, among other things, decrease loan availability to $4.1 million, limit the purpose of the indebtedness under the APC Business Loan Agreement to the issuance of standby letters of credit, and include as a permitted lien, the security interest in all of its assets that APC granted to NMM under a Security Agreement dated on or about September 11, 2019, securing APC’s obligations to NMM under their management services agreement dated as of July 1, 1999, as amended.

The Company’s effective tax rate is different from the federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to state taxes, change in valuation allowance, and permanent adjustments. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act, among other things, permits net operating loss carryovers and carrybacks and modifications on the limitation of business interests. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect the CARES Act to result in any material impact on the Company’s effective tax rate. 

APC accounts for its investment in PMIOC under the equity method of accounting as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over PMIOC’s operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC recognized net income from this investment of approximately $0.2 million and income of $0.3 million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets had investment balances of $1.9 million and $1.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

APC-LSMA and PMIOC entered into a share purchase agreement whereby APC-LSMA purchased a 40% ownership interest in PMIOC. Incorporated in California in 2004, PMIOC provides comprehensive diagnostic imaging services using state-of-the-art technology. PMIOC offers high-quality diagnostic services, such as MRI/MRA, PET/CT, CT, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, digital x-rays, bone densitometry, and digital mammography, at its facilities. The investment is deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders.

ApolloMed accounts for its investment in CAIPA MSO under the equity method of accounting as ApolloMed has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over CAIPA MSO’s operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ApolloMed recorded income from this investment of $0.7 million and $0.3 million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was $12.7 million and $12.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

APC accounts for its investment in LMA under the equity method as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over LMA’s operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, APC recorded net income of $4.8 million from its investment in LMA as compared to a net loss of $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was $5.7 million and $3.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

APC has a 50% ownership in 531 W. College LLC and accounts for its investment in 531 W. College, LLC under the equity method of accounting as APC has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control over the operations of this joint venture. 531 W. College, LLC owns a former hospital campus in Los Angeles that is now leased to tenants. The investment is deemed Excluded Assets that are solely for the benefit of APC and its shareholders.

Alpha Care established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank under the APC Business Loan Agreement for a total of $3.8 million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional one year periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated.

APC established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank under the APC Business Loan Agreement for a total of $0.3 million for the benefit of certain health plans. The standby letters of credit are automatically extended without amendment for additional one-year periods from the present or any future expiration date, unless notified by the institution in advance of the expiration date that the letter will be terminated.

APC has a 50% interest in One MSO. One MSO owns an office building in Monterey Park, California that is leased to tenants, including NMM. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, APC recorded income from this investment of $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The investment balance was $2.7 million and $2.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The Company established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Truist Bank under the Amended Credit Agreement for a total of $21.1 million for the benefit of CMS. Unless the institution provides notification that the standby letters of credit will be terminated prior to the expiration date, the letters will be automatically extended without amendment for additional one-year periods from the present, or any future expiration date.

In connection with the 2017 Merger, the Company assumed ApolloMed’s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2013 Plan”), pursuant to which 500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. The Company issues new shares to satisfy stock option and warrant exercises under the 2013 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for future grants under the 2013 Plan.

On October 31, 2022, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of the Company, acquired 100% of the equity interest in AAMG (see Note 3 — “Business Combinations and Goodwill”). AAMG is an IPA operating in Northern California. The purchase price consists of cash funded upon close of the transaction and additional cash and stock consideration contingent on AAMG meeting financial metrics for fiscal year 2023 and 2024.  

In July 2021, AP-AMH 2, a VIE of the Company, purchased an 80% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in Access Primary Care Medical Group (“APCMG”), a primary care physicians’ group focused on providing high-quality care to senior patients in the northern California cities of Daly City and San Francisco. As a result, APCMG is consolidated by the Company. 

In connection with the 2017 Merger, the Company assumed ApolloMed’s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2015 Plan”), pursuant to which 1,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock were reserved for issuance thereunder. In addition, shares that are subject to outstanding grants under the Company’s 2013 Plan, but that ordinarily would have been restored to such 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $1.5 billion (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant’s common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Market on June 30, 2022). 

In August 2021, ApolloMed purchased a 30% interest in CAIPA MSO, LLC (“CAIPA MSO”) for $11.7 million. CAIPA MSO is a New York-based management services organization affiliated with Chinese-American IPA d.b.a. Coalition of Asian-American IPA, (“CAIPA”), a leading independent practice association serving the greater New York City area.

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NMM recognized approximately $21.2 million, $18.7 million, and $16.9 million, respectively, in management fees, of which from LMA. LMA is accounted for under the equity method based on 25% equity ownership interest held by APC (see Note 6 — “Investments in Other Entities”).

As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, APC held 10,299,259, 10,925,702 and 12,323,164 shares of ApolloMed's common stock, respectively, which are treated as treasury shares for accounting purposes and not included in the number of shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate earnings per share. 

On April 19, 2022, the AP-AMH 2 acquired 100% of the capital stock of Jade (see Note 3 — “Business Combinations and Goodwill”). Jade is a primary and specialty care physicians’ group focused on providing high-quality care to its patients in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California.

In August 2020, AMG Properties entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is $0.6 million with a variable interest rate of 0.30% less than the independent index, which is the daily 

On April 19, 2022, the Company acquired 100% of the capital stock of Jade. The purchase was paid in cash. Jade is a primary and specialty care physicians’ group focused on providing high-quality care to its patients in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California.

In July 2020, MPP entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is $5.9 million with a variable interest rate of 0.50% less than the independent index, which is the daily 

In July 2020, ZLL entered into a loan agreement with East West Bank with a maturity date of August 5, 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the principal on the loan is $0.6 million with a variable interest rate of 0.50% less than the independent index, which is the daily 

APC and Alpha Care established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Preferred Bank for a total of $0.3 million and $3.8 million, respectively, for the benefit of certain health plans (see Note 10 — “Credit Facility, Bank Loan, and Lines of Credit”). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 245,478 of restricted stock with performance conditions were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average common shares outstanding because these conditions were not achieved as of December 31, 2022.

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and prior to consolidation of Tag 6, APC recorded income from this investment of $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

The Company established irrevocable standby letters of credit with Truist Bank for a total of $21.1 million for the benefit of CMS (see Note 10 — “Credit Facility, Bank Loans, and Lines of Credit — Standby Letters of Credit”).

Unrecognized compensation expense related to total share-based payments outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was $24.8 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years.

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, NMM paid approximately $0, $44,000, and $0.1 million to an ApolloMed board member for consulting services.  

As of February 16, 2023, there were 57,435,292 shares of common stock of the registrant, $0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding.