The executive decision maker of the Company reviews operating results, assesses performance and makes decisions on a “significant market” basis. Management views each of the Company’s casinos as an operating segment. Operating segments are aggregated based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products provided, and their management and reporting structure. Prior to the Merger, our principal operating activities occurred in five geographic regions and reportable segments: West, Midwest, South, East and Central, in addition to Corporate and Other. Following the Merger, the Company’s principal operating activities occur in three regionally-focused and reportable segments. The reportable segments are based on the similar characteristics of the operating segments with the way management assesses these results and allocates resources, which is a consolidated view that adjusts for the effect of certain transactions between these reportable segments within Caesars: (1) Las Vegas, (2) Regional, and (3) Managed, International, CIE, in addition to Corporate and Other. See table below for a summary of these segments. Also, see Note 4, Note 6 and Note 7 for a discussion of the impairment of intangibles and long-lived assets related to certain segments.

We enter into long-term real estate leasing arrangements with third-party lessees at our properties. As of December 31, 2020, the remaining terms of these operating leases ranged from 1 to 85 years, some of which include options to extend the lease term for up to five years. In addition to minimum rental commitments, certain of our operating leases provide for contingent payments including contingent rentals based on a percentage of revenues in excess of specified amounts and reimbursements for common area maintenance and utilities charges. As the timing and pattern of transfer of both the lease and nonlease components are over the course of the lease term, we have elected to combine the revenue generated from lease and nonlease components into a single lease component based on the predominant component in the arrangement. In addition, to maintain the value of our leased assets, certain leases include specific maintenance requirements of the lessees or maintenance is performed by the Company on behalf of the lessees. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized approximately $41 million of real estate lease revenue, which is included in Other revenue in the Statement of Operations.

The Company has entered into agreements, which became effective January 29, 2019, with William Hill plc and William Hill U.S. Holdco, Inc. (“William Hill US”), its U.S. subsidiary (together, “William Hill”) which granted to William Hill the right to conduct betting activities, including operating certain of our sportsbooks, in retail channels under certain skins (described below) for online channels with respect to the Company’s current and future properties, and conduct certain real money online gaming activities. The Company received a 20% ownership interest in William Hill US as well as 13 million ordinary shares of William Hill plc, which carry certain time restrictions on when they can be sold. See Note 5 related to the investments in William Hill. Additionally, the Company receives a profit share from the operations of sports betting and other gaming activities associated with the Company’s properties.

On July 14, 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit for damages and declaratory relief in state court in New York relating to a transfer fee of $50 million that was assessed by the Indiana Gaming Commission upon the Company’s purchase of Hoosier Park Racino and Casino in 2017 from Centaur Holdings, LLC. Contemporaneous with the filing of the lawsuit, the Company notified Centaur that it was withholding payment of $50 million from Centaur Holdings that was otherwise due as a portion of a deferred payment for the purchase from Centaur. In the lawsuit, the Company seeks a declaration from the Court that the Sellers are required to indemnify Caesars for its losses arising out of or relating to payment of the transfer fee and that the Company is entitled to offset the $50 million transfer fee against payments otherwise due to Centaur. The Defendants in that suit have filed 

In connection with the proposed acquisition of William Hill plc, on September 29, 2020, the Company entered into a debt financing commitment letter pursuant to which the lenders party thereto have committed to arrange and provide a newly formed subsidiary of the Company with (a) a £1.0 billion senior secured 540-day bridge loan facility, (b) a £116 million senior secured 540-day revolving credit facility and (c) a £503 million senior secured 60-day bridge loan facility (collectively, the “Debt Financing”). The proceeds of the Debt Financing will be used (i) to pay a portion of the cash consideration for the proposed acquisition, (ii) to refinance certain of William Hill plc's and its subsidiaries' existing debt, (iii) to pay fees and expenses related to the acquisition and related transactions and (iv) for working capital and general corporate purposes.

As of December 31, 2020, REI owned approximately 4.1% of outstanding common stock of the Company. The directors of REI are the Company’s Executive Chairman of the Board, Gary L. Carano, its Chief Executive Officer and Board member, Thomas R. Reeg, and its former Senior Vice President of Regional Operations, Gene Carano. In addition, Gary L. Carano also serves as the Vice President of REI and Gene Carano also serves as the Secretary and Treasurer of REI. Members of the Carano family, including Gary L. Carano and Gene Carano, own the equity interests in REI. For each of the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no related party transactions between the Company and the Carano Family other than compensation, including salary and equity incentives and the CSY Lease listed below.

A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Management must analyze all available positive and negative evidence regarding realization of the deferred tax assets and make an assessment of the likelihood of sufficient future taxable income. We have provided a valuation allowance on certain federal, state, and foreign deferred tax assets that were not deemed realizable based upon estimates of future taxable income. Included in the increase of valuation allowance of $1.9 billion is $1.4 billion that was acquired as a result of the Merger. Additionally, the Company increased its beginning of year valuation allowance by $8 million as a result of the Merger.

Lodging arrangements are considered short-term and generally consist of lease and nonlease components. The lease component is the predominant component of the arrangement and consists of the fees charged for lodging. The nonlease components primarily consist of resort fees and other miscellaneous items. As the timing and pattern of transfer of both the lease and nonlease components are over the course of the lease term, we have elected to combine the revenue generated from lease and nonlease components into a single lease component based on the predominant component in the arrangement. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized approximately $450 million in lease revenue related to lodging arrangements, which is included in Hotel revenues in the Statement of Operations.

In addition, CRC is required to pay a commitment fee in respect of any commitments under the CRC Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of 0.50% of the principal amount of the commitments, subject to step-downs to 0.375% and 0.25% based upon CRC’s SSLR. CRC is also required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for LIBOR borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the daily stated amount of outstanding letters of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer’s customary documentary and processing fees and charges and a fronting fee in an amount equal to 0.125% of the daily stated amount of such letter of credit.

The 6% Senior Notes due 2025 were redeemed at a redemption price of 104.5%, the 7% Senior Notes due 2023 were redeemed at a redemption price of 103.5%, and $210 million aggregate principal amount of the 6% Senior Notes due 2026 was redeemed at a redemption price of 106% with the remaining balance redeemed at a redemption price of 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus the Applicable Premium, as defined in the indenture for the 6% Senior Notes due 2026. The redemption of these senior notes resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $132 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, which is recorded within Loss on extinguishment of debt on the Statement of Operations.

As of December 31, 2020 we estimated the fair value of the 5% Convertible Notes using a market-based approach that incorporated the value of both the straight debt and conversion features of the 5% Convertible Notes. The valuation model incorporated actively traded prices of the 5% Convertible Notes as of the reporting date, and assumptions regarding the incremental cost of borrowing for CEI. The key assumption used in the valuation model is the actively traded price of 5% Convertible Notes and the incremental cost of borrowing is an indirectly observable input. The fair value for the conversion features of the 5% Convertible Notes is classified as Level 2 measurement.

The CRC Term Loan matures in 2024. The CRC Incremental Term Loan matures in 2025. The CRC Revolving Credit Facility matures in 2022 and includes a letter of credit sub-facility. The CRC Term Loan requires scheduled quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount, with the balance due at maturity. The CRC Credit Agreement also includes customary voluntary and mandatory prepayment provisions, subject to certain exceptions. As of December 31, 2020, approximately $65 million was committed to outstanding letters of credit. As of December 31, 2020, there were no borrowings outstanding under the CRC Revolving Credit Facility.

On July 6, 2020, the Company issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Senior Notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture, dated July 6, 2020 (the “CRC Senior Secured Notes”), by and among the Escrow Issuer, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as collateral agent. In connection with the consummation of the Merger, CRC assumed the rights and obligations under the CRC Senior Secured Notes and the CRC Senior Secured Notes. The CRC Senior Secured Notes will mature on July 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing January 1, 2021. 

On July 6, 2020, the Escrow Issuer issued $3.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture dated July 6, 2020 (the “CEI Senior Secured Notes”), by and among the Escrow Issuer, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent. The Company assumed the rights and obligations under the CEI Senior Secured Notes and the indenture governing such notes on July 20, 2020. The CEI Senior Secured Notes will mature on July 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing January 1, 2021. 

The Board of Directors (“Board”) adopted ERI’s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (“2015 Plan”) on January 23, 2015 and the Company’s stockholders subsequently approved the adoption of the 2015 Plan on June 23, 2015. On March 28, 2019, the Company’s Board approved an amendment to the 2015 Plan and the Company’s stockholders subsequently approved the adoption of the amended and restated 2015 Plan on June 24, 2019. The amendment to the 2015 Plan allows for 3 million shares available for grant, plus the number of shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan on the date the Company’s stockholders approved the amendment. 

The Company has determined that the 5% Convertible Notes contain derivative features that require bifurcation. The Company separately accounts for the liability component and equity conversion option of the 5% Convertible Notes. The difference between the overall instrument value and the value of the liability component was assumed to be the value of the equity conversion option component. The value of the liability is determined based on a discounted cash flow of the debt instrument. See Note 8 for more information on the 5% Convertible Notes’ fair value measurements.

On July 6, 2020, the Escrow Issuer issued $1.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Senior Notes due 2027 pursuant to an indenture, dated July 6, 2020 (the “CEI Senior Notes”), by and between the Escrow Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Company assumed the rights and obligations under the CEI Senior Notes and the indenture governing such notes on July 20, 2020. The CEI Secured Notes will mature on July 1, 2027 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing January 1, 2021. 

In relation to the proposed acquisition of William Hill plc, on September 28, 2020, the Company entered into a foreign exchange forward contract to hedge the risk of appreciation of the GBP denominated purchase price. Under the agreement, the Company agreed to purchase £1.3 billion at a contracted exchange rate, however, on October 1, 2020 the contract was cancelled without being executed. In addition, on October 9, 2020, the Company entered into a separate foreign exchange forward contract to purchase £536 million at a contracted exchange rate. As of 

Pending negotiation of the loan agreement for the Debt Financing, on October 6, 2020, a newly formed subsidiary of the Company entered into a £1.5 billion interim facilities agreement (the “Interim Facilities Agreement”) with Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to provide: (a) a 90-day £1.0 billion interim asset sale bridge facility and (b) a 90-day £503 million interim cash confirmation bridge facility, which agreement will be terminated upon the execution of the loan agreement for the Debt Financing.

Convention arrangements are considered short-term and generally consist of lease and nonlease components. The lease component is the predominant component of the arrangement and consists of fees charged for the use of meeting space. The nonlease components primarily consist of food and beverage and audio/visual services. Revenue from conventions is included in Other revenue in the Statement of Operations, and during the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized approximately $3 million in lease revenue related to conventions.

On July 20, 2020, the Escrow Issuer entered into a new credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, and certain banks and other financial institutions and lenders party thereto, which provide for a five-year CEI Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion (the “CEI Revolving Credit Facility”). The CEI Revolving Credit Facility matures in 2025 and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $250 million. 

On July 16, 2020, in connection with its review of the Merger, the Indiana Gaming Commission concluded that the Company will need to enter into agreements to divest of three properties within the state of Indiana in order to avoid undue economic concentration as a condition to their approval of the Merger. On October 27, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sell Evansville to GLPI and Twin River for $480 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. The sale is 

On September 3, 2020, the Company and VICI entered into an agreement to sell Harrah’s Louisiana Downs Casino, Racing & Entertainment (“Harrah’s Louisiana Downs”) with Rubico Acquisition Corp. for $22 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment, where the proceeds will be split between the Company and VICI. The sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.

The Company holds an interest in Horseshoe Baltimore of approximately 44.3% which is accounted for as an equity method investment and is considered to be a related party. These related party transactions include items such as casino management fees, reimbursement of various costs incurred by the Company, on behalf of Horseshoe Baltimore, and the allocation of other general corporate expenses. A summary of the transactions with Horseshoe Baltimore is provided in the table below.

On September 3, 2020, the Company and VICI entered into an agreement to sell Harrah’s Louisiana Downs Casino, Racing & Entertainment (“Harrah’s Louisiana Downs”) to Rubico Acquisition Corp. for $22 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment, which proceeds will be split between the Company and VICI. The sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.

On July 20, 2020, in connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (“CEI Credit Agreement”), which provide a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion. In addition, Caesars Resort Collection, LLC (“CRC”) entered into incremental amendments to the CRC Credit Agreement, which provided a $1.8 billion incremental term loan (agreements defined below). 

CRC is party to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2017 (as amended, the “CRC Credit Agreement”), which included a $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the “CRC Revolving Credit Facility”) and an initial $4.7 billion seven-year first lien term loan (the “CRC Term Loan”), which was increased by $1.8 billion pursuant to an incremental agreement executed in connection with the Merger (the “CRC Incremental Term Loan”).

The Company recognized acquisition-related transaction costs in connection with the merger with Former Caesars of $160 million and $80 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These costs were associated with legal, IT costs, internal labor and professional services and were recognized as Transaction costs and other operating costs in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Total stock-based compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income was $78 million, $20 million and $13 million during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. These amounts are included in corporate expenses and, in the case of certain property positions, general and administrative expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.

On July 6, 2020, Colt Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Escrow Issuer”), issued $3.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2025, $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Senior Notes due 2027 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (agreements defined below). 

In an effort to maintain liquidity and provide financial flexibility as the effects of COVID-19 continued to evolve and impact global financial markets, the Company borrowed $465 million under the revolving credit facility on March 16, 2020, which we repaid in July 2020 utilizing, in part, proceeds from the sale of the Company’s interests in Kansas City and Vicksburg. 

The Company was party to a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto dated as of April 17, 2017 (as amended the “ERI Credit Facility”), consisting of a $1.5 billion term loan facility (the “ERI Term Loan”) and a $500 million revolving credit facility (the “ERI Revolving Credit Facility”). 

Advertising costs are expensed in the period the advertising initially takes place and are included in marketing and promotions expenses within operating expenses. Advertising costs included in marketing and promotion expenses were $64 million, $29 million and $34 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

On December 24, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sell Caesars Southern Indiana to the EBCI for $250 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021.

On October 27, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sell Evansville to GLPI and Twin River for $480 million in cash, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. The sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and is expected to close in mid-2021.

Mountaineer’s qualified defined contribution plan (established by West Virginia legislation) covered substantially all of its employees. Contributions to the ERI 401(k) Plan for the benefit of Mountaineer employees were $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. Mountaineer was sold on December 6, 2019.

To provide liquidity to fund the cash purchase price for the proposed acquisition, the Company entered into various financing transactions. On September 25, 2020, the Company borrowed $900 million under the CEI Revolving Credit Facility (defined below), which was fully repaid in October 2020. See Note 12. 

A portion of the proceeds from these arrangements was used to prepay in full the loans outstanding and terminate all commitments under the ERI Credit Facility, and to satisfy and discharge the Company’s 6% Senior Notes due 2025, 6% Senior Notes due 2026 and the 7% Senior Notes due 2023. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, as part of the annual incentive program, the Company granted RSUs to employees of the Company with an aggregate fair value of $63 million. Each RSU represents the right to receive payment in respect of one share of the Company’s Common Stock. 

As of December 31, 2020, the Company was in compliance with all of the applicable financial covenants under the CEI Credit Agreement, the CRC Credit Agreement, CEI Senior Secured Notes, CEI Senior Notes, and CRC Senior Secured Notes, 5% Convertible Notes and CRC Notes. 

The significant portion of our restricted cash relates to $1.9 billion, which was primarily raised from the proceeds of our sale of common stock to fund a portion of the purchase price for the proposed acquisition of William Hill (See Note 1)

In November 2018, the Board authorized a $150 million common stock repurchase program (the “Share Repurchase Program”) pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, repurchase shares of common stock on the open market (either with or 

The Company is accounting for its investment in William Hill US under the equity method. The fair value of the Company’s initial investment in William Hill US of $129 million at January 29, 2019 was determined using Level 3 inputs. As of 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $3.6 billion at June 30, 2020 based upon the closing price for the shares of CZR’s common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market.

On September 30, 2020, the Company and VICI completed the sale of Harrah’s Reno for $42 million. The proceeds from the sale were split between the Company and VICI, and the Company received $8 million of net proceeds.

The Company’s revenues included complimentaries and loyalty point redemptions totaling $401 million, $292 million and $211 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

The total purchase consideration for Former Caesars was $10.9 billion. The estimated purchase consideration in the acquisition was determined with reference to its acquisition date fair value.

The total purchase consideration for the Elgin Acquisition was $329 million. The purchase consideration in the acquisition was determined with reference to its acquisition date fair value.

As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $92 million of unrecognized compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.5 years.

On October 6, 2017, Former Caesars issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% convertible senior notes maturing in 2024 (the “5% Convertible Notes”).

The Company’s matching contribution expense totaled $10 million, $6 million and $3 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

As of February 22, 2021, there were 208,277,434 outstanding shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock, net of treasury shares.

The 5% Convertible Notes had an initial face value of $1.1 billion, an initial term of seven years, and a coupon rate of 5%.

On October 16, 2017, CRC issued $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 (the “CRC Notes”). 

Transaction expenses related to the Elgin Acquisition totaled less than $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.

Transaction expenses related to the Tropicana Acquisition totaled $4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.

Included are 21,965 RSUs granted to non-employee members of the Board during the year ended December 31, 2020.

On October 6, 2017, Former Caesars issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5% Convertible Notes. 